Try moving the fuck
Don't worry, don't worry.
You are just a broken jade pendant, what are you in a hurry?
There must be something wrong with you
Come and notify all guards
Take them all to the underground garage
If I want to extend it myself, I will see who dares
Hahaha
Wonderful so fucking wonderful
Boss Gu is a long time old
Dude, don't be that big.
I'm here today to discuss business with this gentleman
Take care
Ah, am I?
But now you want money, no money, no one
Even the stall is lost
You want to talk about business, right?
OK, hahaha.
Nobody's stopping you!
Lin Shao, why did you let them in?
You fucking pig head
Ah, what can I do about these poor people?
You don't know when I searched deeply just now.
The storage bee kid's expression is very obvious
Is that a big problem?
Oh, what are you afraid of?
Mr. Ji's people are here today
Not even a fly can fly in
But this kid, the storage bee, should keep a low profile.
You arrange the manpower now
Go to Long Xiaoyun and check it for me.
Contact directly if you have any news.
Hey, hahaha.
Yeah.
Isn't this the former male god chief Chen Xiong?
I heard you almost got caught by the guard
Don't hurry up and sell the property protection
What are you doing here?
Before you lose your family
What face do you have to meet Mr. Ji?